I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Want to hear a construction joke? Oh sorry, I'm still working on that.
Why don't some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field!
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? He made a mint!
I stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent!
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know what comes first.
Why did the math book look sad? It had too many problems.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why don’t skeletons ever use cell phones? They don’t have any body to talk to.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bay-gulls.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired for taking a couple of days off.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won't stop sending me Kit-Kat ads.
Why did the stadium get hot? All the fans left.
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs.
I only know a little about clouds. It's over my head.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Why do vampires seem sick? They're always coffin.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why don’t oysters share their pearls? Because they’re shellfish.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
What did one plate say to another? Lunch is on me!
Why don't elevators tell jokes? They would bring everyone down.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at the playground? They woke up.
Why don’t ants get sick? Because they have tiny ant-bodies.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple.
Why was the math teacher always late? She took the rhombus.
Why don’t skeletons ever play music in church? They have no organs.
Why are spiders so smart? They find everything on the web.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumbly.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Why did the belt go to jail? For holding up a pair of pants.
Why can't you give Elsa a balloon? Because she'll let it go.
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a unicycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
I tried to catch fog yesterday. Mist.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but then I turned myself around.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus!
I tried to make a belt out of watches, but it was a waist of time.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner.
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded? There was de-brie everywhere.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why don't sharks eat clowns? Because they taste funny.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I'm terrified of elevators, so I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience.
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out.
Why was Cinderella so bad at soccer? She kept running away from the ball.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
I used to be afraid of hurdles, but then I got over it.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, but it let out a little wine!
Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they are shellfish.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it!
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste.
I don’t trust people who do acupuncture. They’re back stabbers.
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they’re shellfish.
What kind of car does a sheep drive? A lamborghini.
Why did the golfer bring extra pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the moos-paper.
Why don’t you play cards in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
Why don’t melons run away and get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forest1.
Why can’t you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the ‘P’ is silent.
Why did the picture go to jail? It was framed.
I tried to write a joke about a broken pencil, but it was pointless.
Why do fish always sing off-key? Because you can’t tuna fish.
What did the ocean say to the shore? Nothing, it just waved.
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts.
Why do ducks have tail feathers? To cover their butt-quacks.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything!
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
Why did the balloon go near the needle? It was on pins and needles.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite.
Why can’t you play poker on the savannah? Too many cheetahs.
Why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? To get to the bottom.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it’d be a foot.
What do you call a factory that sells good products? A satisfactory.
Why did the golfer bring an extra pair of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
I would tell you a chemistry joke, but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make some liquid assets.
What do you get if you cross a vampire with a snowman? Frostbite.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they’d be bagels.
Why did the fish blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn’t like it.
I wanted to go on a diet, but I feel like I have way too much on my plate right now.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? Because it had a virus.
What kind of shoes do frogs wear? Open toad sandals.
Why don’t vampires go to barbecues? They don’t like steak.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing!
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with.
I tried to catch some fog, but I mist.
Why was the belt arrested? For holding up pants.
Why don’t you ever see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
Why don’t some fish play piano? Because you can’t tuna fish.
Why do bees hum? Because they don’t know the words.
Why don’t crabs donate? Because they’re shellfish.
Why was the tomato blushing? It saw the salad dressing.
What do you get when you cross a vampire with a snowman? Frostbite.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems.
What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory.
What kind of dog does a magician have? A labracadabrador.
Why was the broom late to work? It swept in.
Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they’d be a chicken sedan!
How does a taco say grace? Lettuce pray.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What did the grape do when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired!
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough.